The stars are gone.
The planets have disappeared.
There were barely enough of us
left to give the end to name--
the Quiet Rapture.
I'm seeing a discrepancy in...
No. it's well within
acceptable limits.
Uh. proceeding
with the mission.
Supplies dwindle.
Infrastructure crumbles.
Too few to rebuild.
too many to feed.
Humanity decays.
But don't despair. my sons.
I tell you now that there is
more to these moons
than meets the eye.
The Consolidation--
they hide their technology.
their people.
They won't tell you
what they found. but I will.
One moon stands apart
from the rest.
And in the darkness
of that moon...
...an ocean of blood.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Beginning the descent.
Mission clock started.
Exploration of AT-5 under way.
How's it looking down there. convict?
Ready to do some good
for a change?
Yeah.
Let's get this done.
Roger that.
Cruising depth
in roughly two minutes.
Stand by.
I'm seeing
some voltage irregularities
on the instruments.
so keep an eye out
for sparks or flames
or anything like that.
Flames?
Why would there be flames?
I don't know.
That's why I warned you.
You did test this thing. right?
This is the test.
But you're welded in as tight
as we could make it.
and that ship's a tank.
Just keep an eye on your depth
while you're down there.
The terrain
can be unpredictable.
so make sure
you're not wandering down
too far into the red.
It can take pressure.
but there's a limit.
Hey. Captain.
the-- the hull's starting
to feel it. that glass.
Alright.
Closing porthole shielding.
Hey. what is it exactly
you want me to find?
You haven't told me what it is.
We don't know.
You're the first one down.
All we have are surface scans.
That's why you're there--
Well. one of the reasons.
You know. we salvaged that
glass from Filament Station.
Not a scratch on it.
I know. right? Pretty lucky.
Funny how some things survive
and others don't.
Approaching maximum depth.
30 seconds.
Hey. um...
Hey. are you hearing this?
Hello? Hey.
Uh. hey.
you said not to go into the red!
We're in the red!
Head to the coordinates
of the map
and catalog as instructed
and we'll consider your penance
served.
Be careful.
- Good--
- Hey! Hey!
You can't be serious.
Okay.
Fuck me.
50.
Camera.
That's useful.
Okay. One down...
five to go.
Oxygen.
Way off.
That's not even on the map.
Maybe...
Hey...
What do I do if I find something
not on the map?
You're not just pretending
you can't hear me. right?
Why is it so fucking hot
down here?
What the fuck?
...what's your stat...
Are you reading me?
What's your status?
Yeah. I'm here.
...ship damaged. Did you fall?
Uh-- Uh. I-I-I don't know.
Was that you?
...hull damaged...
I dunno. Is it?!
You didn't tell me that there
would be anything down here!
Okay. calm down.
Just tell me if there's
a problem with the ship.
We need to know
if the ship is damaged
before we send you back down.
Back-- Back down.
Back? No way.
No fucking way!
I'm done. I'm done.
So just bring me back up
and throw me in prison.
I'm not doing this!
Is. There. Damage?!
Just tell me if there is
a problem with the sub.
Because if you fell.
the hull could be punctured.
which means a leak. which means
flooding. which means you die.
The sub...
um. seems fine.
Good. Good.
I can't see much. but it seems
like the hull is in one piece.
So we're gonna check on
your progress
while we wait for the ocean
to settle back down.
Hey. do you think
we can get any pictures?
What. at that depth?
I mean.
you could get a couple. maybe.
Yeah. well. it might take it
a while to settle. so go ahead.
Uh. "settle"--
mm. what does that mean?
Um. is that why everything
was shaking?
Essentially. yeah.
The bottom isn't exactly rock.
Just layers of congealed blood
and gas bubbles.
I wasn't lying
when I said it wasn't stable.
- Hey...
- What?
You're gonna want to see this.
the most recent picture.
Holy shit.
Convict. did you...
Did you find a skeleton?
Yeah.
Yeah. Uh. yeah.
And there was something else. - This could just be rocks.
Can you get me
a higher resolution?
What rock has teeth?
Look at this. - Are you really asking that?
- Yes. I am.
- Convict. are you absolutely sure that it was a skeleton?
Yeah.
I've seen a skeleton before.
How stupid do you think I am?
We're pulling you up.
Stand by. - What?
All hands.
prepare for recovery.
13's coming up
ahead of schedule.
We might have found something.
Make sure Jack's moving.
He just rotated off duty.
He'll be pissy but I need welds
I can count on. -
You. Get me maps.
I want scans going
from 13's last location.
Keep walking him out
100 meters at a time
until we're back down there.
Call up anything that looks
different from before.
What?
No. Don't bother.
Won't make a difference if we
don't get down there in time.
No. they don't
need to know either.
Not yet anyway.
Bringing you in now.
Okay.
Okay. Uh...
So now what?
Alright. We're clear.
How's his oxygen?
Hey.
So. uh-- So what's the deal?
- Am I done?
- How's your oxygen?
See any leaks?
Uh. um. uh. yeah.
I'm down a light.
But-- But. yeah. maybe.
There might be a leak.
Uh. there was some blood
dripping in.
and then there's some kind of
liquid building up on the walls.
I don't know--
I don't know what it was.
It's just condensation.
I know what condensation--
Look. it doesn't matter.
You just warn the next person
that goes down what I found.
There's something alive
down there.
Hey. Captain.
You're gonna want to see this.
We got pictures?
Hmm.
Punch in tighter.
If there are more of these
things down there. we might...
Whoa.
Does he have enough oxygen?
No. Don't bother.
We got to move fast.
- We can't lose this.
- Captain. you sure he doesn't need more air
before he goes back down?
You know. just in case?
I'll worry about that.
You notify the council.
Yeah. You got it.
Oh. yeah?
Hey. yeah.
So I found something. right--
something good?
We downloaded the pictures.
Sure looks like a skeleton
to me.
So come on. Get me out of here.
I can't.
Like I said. you're welded in.
We take the time
to get you out of here.
we might miss the opportunity.
Another slip. might go somewhere
that we can't get it.
So I'm gonna give
you something to take a sample.
Hey. Hey!
You're not listening to me!
There's something else!
Okay.
It's not like I don't want
the deal. alright?
I want the deal!
I want to make amends.
It's not worth it.
It's not.
It's not worth it for me.
It's not worth it for you.
Yeah. you're all fawning
over this skeleton.
but you're not hearing me
when I say
there's something else--
something alive.
There might just be.
We're gonna put this on the sub
right up front.
All you got to do is point it
in the right direction.
Once it makes contact.
it should be able
to grab on to something
and hold on tight.
This-- So what am I supposed
to do . just ram it?
Pretty much.
- You can't be serious.
- I am.
You'll have to hit it hard.
too--
hard enough to make sure
that it catches.
You won't be able to see
if it works.
- so no second chances.
- Okay.
So you don't just want me
to ram it?
You want me to ram it
at full speed?
Why play games?
Why go through all this trouble?
If you want me dead so bad.
why don't you just do it
yourself?!
This is the best we have.
And it's a lot more
than you deserve.
This is bigger than any of us.
So just do your job.
My job-- my job?
Oh. I'm sorry.
The handcuffs
must have confused me.
I didn't realize
this was voluntary!
Hey!
Don't walk away!
If this is so important to you.
why aren't you going down
there?!
Hey!
Go down. come back.
and then I'm free!
That was the deal!
How many times are you gonna
use me before you let me go?!
Why...
Are you out of your mind?!
Oh. good. You can hear me.
Now get someone else
for your suicide mission.
- because I'm not going--
- You blasted us with radiation. you psycho Eden fuck!
- What?
- It's not a normal camera!
You can't see through blood!
So you need x-rays
to get through!
- I-I didn't know that.
- Okay. It's on.
- It-- It should hold.
- I-I didn't know that.
No. wait. Look. I'm sorry.
But maybe
if you had talked to me.
this wouldn't have happened!
Just get the sample.
Drop him.
You can't send me back.
Have you calmed down yet?
Come on. Convict.
You can't be too upset.
Kind of fair play
after what you did.
Aw. shit. Are you still alive?
Fuck off!
Ah. There you are.
Alright. Beginning the descent.
Uh... hey.
You. uh-- You got to close
the porthole shield. man.
Hello?
Convict. this is serious.
Close the shield.
Who is this?
Where's the other one?
The-- The other one?
You talking about Jack.
the guy you irradiated?
Well. Captain's taken him
to Medical.
so I'm in charge now.
And my first order
is close the fucking shield.
Why can't you do it?
It's not responding.
Which is why we have you.
Is it closed?
- Yes. Closed.
- Good.
Now we're gonna give you
about 30 minutes
to go get that sample
before we pull you back up.
And don't worry. I know
ramming it sounds scary.
but the salvage claw
will take most of the impact.
And those welds
aren't going anywhere.
'cause Jack
is good at his job--
Or. well. he--
Well. he was good at his job.
You didn't think
it was important to tell me
that your camera
was a radiation gun?
That w--
That shouldn't have happened
at all.
The-- The camera's wired
into the black box.
but I-I must have wired it
into the backup battery.
I don't know.
We-- We were in a rush.
Right.
Things are somehow faster
when I don't know
what I'm doing.
You know. honestly.
if I were in charge.
you would know more.
Might actually get us
some results.
But I'm not.
I'm just a cog in the machine.
But. you know.
this is bigger than us.
So I've heard.
Look. man.
Can we just agree
this is important?
Filament Station
was a bad loss.
but imagine if we
could actually rebuild it.
Even you could be a part
of that.
I read your report.
You surrendered.
So you don't fully buy
Eden's bullshit.
All their dogma
about the last tree.
It's not about the tree.
Alright?
Look. Eden gave me a tattoo.
The COI made me burn it off.
I didn't choose either of them.
I still get a scar.
Since the Quiet Rapture.
none of us get a choice.
Hey. look at that.
There's at least something
we can agree on.
Be honest with you.
the Captain's
had a consolidated
stick up our ass
since the Quiet Rapture. but...
But she cares about her crew.
Some more than others.
but. you know?
Yeah. right.
Can you at least tell me
if this thing is blasting me
with radi...
No. The hull's thick enough.
The blood
would soak it up anyway.
This actually
is bigger than us. man.
Because if that's a skeleton
down there.
that means that this ocean
supported life.
Things could be alive
down there right now.
Food. air. We need this.
Not just the COI--
all of us. We need this.
It's the first shred
of real hope
that we've had
in twenty fucking-- - Shut the fuck up!
Hey. Excuse me?
Hey. fuck you. man.
I don't even know why I try
talking to you Eden--
Go die down there with the rest
of 'em for all I care.
Plenty more
where you came from!
"Cross..."
This is not an expedition.
It's an execution.
When they put you in here.
they don't want you to return.
And even if you do and even
if they keep their promises.
what freedom waits for you?
A few dying ships
in a sea of dead stars.
If there is still hope.
it lies beyond the veil.
Hope in this void is as
illusionary as the starlight.
I will choose
to breathe my last
here.
at the bottom of an ocean...
unseen...
unheard...
uncontrolled.
They will get their execution.
I will get my freedom.
Sorry. brother.
But I want to live.
It was right here.
Where'd you go?
Hello?
He's definitely moving away...
Did he get the sample?
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Convict. Yes.
We can hear you. barely.
What's going on?
Why are you moving away
from the location?
Uh...
Uh. well.
this is gonna sound made up.
The skeleton's gone.
Say again. I can't hear you.
The skeleton is gone!
How can it be gone?
Well. I don't know.
I'm at the coordinates.
I took a picture.
It's just a big hill.
I don't know.
Maybe it got buried.
Standby.
...pick up from nearby... 450. 250...
Uh. one second.
No... No. It's just more hill.
- Say again?
- It's...
How about now?
It's just more hill.
- No skeleton.
- Yes. No. I can hear you.
Did you say
that there was a hill?
Yes. I am on a hill.
There is no skeleton.
It likely got moved
in the quake.
Probably what we're
picking up ahead of you.
maybe... meters.
Yeah.
Roger.
Why is it so hot in here?
Just stay focused.
Get the sample.
- Can I not ask a question?
- No.
Stay focused
and get the sample.
Sure.
I...
I didn't mean
for that to happen.
I was just...
I was scared.
- The radiation. I mean.
- I know what you mean.
- How bad was it?
- Doesn't matter.
Dwelling on it
doesn't help the cause.
- Yeah. and what cause is that?
- Survival.
The only cause we have left.
Yeah.
Tell that to the other poor
bastards you left down here.
You are the first one
we've sent down.
What's the point of lying to me. hmm?
What's the point of any of this?
What does it matter if you find
a big fucking skeleton?!
This is all just useless
bullshit to get me killed!
Do you think
that I enjoy this?!
Do you?!
There aren't enough of us left
to be throwing lives away!
But there is too much at stake
not to take calculated risks!
Eden doesn't understand that!
You don't understand that!
What's to understand?!
It's all over!
That's what Eden understands.
At least
they're not deluding themselves
with some big future
for humanity
if we all just believe
hard enough.
It's game over and you know it.
Is that why you destroyed
Filament Station?
That wasn't...
That wasn't supposed to happen.
That...
Oxygen.
That's not right.
What?
This.
I can't see
what you're talking about.
The-- The skeleton.
It moved.
I told you already.
The ocean floor isn't static.
Things shift.
It's just what happens.
- You have eyes on it?
- Yeah.
I'm-- I'm looking at it
right now.
But I'm telling you...
it-- it looks like something--
I don't think gas bubbles
did this.
But you see the skeleton?
Yes. I see the skeleton.
But I'm telling you.
something's wrong.
It-- It's just the head.
Well. the sooner
you get a sample.
the sooner
you get to come back.
so stop wasting time gawking
at it and just get it.
- So I get this and I'm done?
- For now.
Obviously. we'll need more
than just a single sample.
but it will take time
to study it.
You're not just gonna kill me
as soon as I get up there?
Why would we k--
We need your help.
and you're earning your place
in the Consolidation.
That's all.
I'm sorry about the radiation.
I didn't know.
You can apologize
to my tumors.
Just get the sample.
Fair enough.
How hard
do I need to hit this thing?
I-I don't know.
This isn't exactly
standard procedure.
Just ram it.
Just ram it?
Just ram it. Get the job done.
The ship can handle it.
I promise.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure.
And I need you to trust me.
Ram the ship.
Alright. Okay. okay.
Alright. yeah.
Just ram it. just ram it.
Just ram it.
- And then I'm free?
- Then you come back up.
And then I'm free.
Uh...
I rammed it.
Did you get it?
I think I got it. One second.
Uh...
Yeah. I'm looking at. um...
I mean.
what might be a hole in the jaw.
- I think I got it.
- Good. Alright.
Hopefully. it can hold on
to the sample during the ascent
or else we're gonna have
to send you right back down.
Is that it?
With all the buildup.
I thought there might be
something a bit more calamitous.
Our goal is to hopefully avoid
something more calamitous.
That's what keeps us all alive.
Now hold on to something.
We're beginning the ascent.
Hey. hey.
Hey!
Uh. there was something else.
- S-Say again?
- There was something else!
- It was looking right at me!
- It's something alive?
Are you-- Are you sure?
Can you confirm?
W-What just happened?
Something's got me!
We're getting pulled in!
I need to cut the line!
No. no. no!
We need that sample!
It's not worth losing
the whole fucking ship!
Convict. what the fuck
is going on?
I can still see them.
Stop saying they're gone.
We can all see them.
My son.
those stars are already dead.
Mere ghost light.
growing dimmer by the day.
Hello?
I had water this whole time?
Okay.
Aw. fuck that!
Stupid piece of shit.
You just had to chuck
the whole...
Fuck that.
Fuck me.
Okay. What do I do?
Cockpit voice recorder.
All that to find
a fucking black box.
Damn it!
Of all the fucking things...
I swear. if I have to read
one of those fucking manuals.
I'm gonna lose--
Of course it was.
Ah!
Okay.
Eh. almost worked.
Hull breach. Hull breach.
Hull breach.
Fire. Hull breach.
Fire. Hull breach. Fire.
- What?!
- Fire.
Fire. Hull breach.
Hull breach. Hull breach.
- Hull breach. Hull breach.
- Mm.
Hull breach. Hull breach.
Shut the fuck up!
Fuck!
I'm not dying down here.
Ah.
I'm fucked.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sure.
Good.
Don't mind me.
I'm just trying to go home.
Just...
Just pretend
like I'm not even here.
I'm sure they're
falling over themselves
trying to find me. so...
If you see anyone
looking for Simon...
tell them I'm still alive.
God--
Damn it!
I'm trusting you.
Fucking aliens.
Hull breach. Hull breach.
Hull bre--
Simon!
Don't just stand there!
Do something!
What...
SM-8.
8...
What are you doing down here?
Connecting.
Connected to Submersible Rover
8. Running diagnostics.
Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait.
Oxygen-- fail. Fuel-- fail.
Engine-- fail. Pressure-- fail. Hull-- fail.
Camera-- Fail. Battery-- low.
Initiating black box
recovery program.
Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
or surrender yourself
to council authority.
What?
Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
or surrender yourself
to council authority.
Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
or surrender yourself--
Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
or surrender yourself
to council authority.
Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
- or surrender yourself...
- Of all the fucking things.
Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
or surrender yourself
to council authority.
- Fucking--
- Insufficient privileges.
Leave the area immediately
or surrender yourself - Really?!
to council authority.
Not my problem.
What the fuck?
Yep.
Fucking circle.
Sorry.
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. wall.
Yeah. okay.
Wall.
Of course it is.
Only one left to try.
Alright.
One more.
No way.
Hello?
Almost there.
Hello?!
Come on!
What?!
Come on! Hello?!
Come on.
Yes!
I'm here!
- Can you hear us?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm here.
Can you not hear me?
I can hear you.
Are you real?
Is this another trick?
Who is this?
Who do you think it is?
Ava? Is that you?
Is that really you?
Oh. fuck!
Oh. God! Please. get us out!
Please help us!
We can't take it anymore!
How could you leave us
down here?!
You're not on the tow ship.
What?! What did you say?!
You're still here. right?!
I heard you leave. so--
so there must be a way. - You're not.
You-- You always have a plan.
And it worked.
It worked before.
We-- We can work together
this time.
Everything is down here.
everything we've ever
- wanted to know.
- You're stuck down here. too?
Oh.
I thought I was--
Look. they're still there.
I talked to them.
I know the radio's been spotty.
but they've made contact before.
Like. we could just be
out of range.
Like. maybe
we just need to get hold of them
and. then. they can send
someone down to meet us.
Oxygen.
Is that the last of it?
None left. then?
Uh...
That's not enough.
He won't make it.
Just try to control
your breathing.
Um. can you just. uh...
Can you just keep talking to me?
'Cause I just...
- Oh!
- What would be the point?
You'll just run out of air
faster.
Maybe that's for the best.
Some of the others went
that way.
- Not the worst fate down here.
- Actually--
Actually. I don't want to talk
anymore.
You might still have time
to talk to them again.
- Oh.
- They don't know the danger of this place.
We have to warn them!
We can't die down here!
I said I don't want to talk.
No. you don't understand.
You haven't seen the light.
You don't...
It's been so dark for so long.
It changed everything.
What are you even
talking about?
It's what caused
the Quiet Rapture.
Or a fragment of it. at least.
- What?
- It was a light--
can you believe that?
Shining through the hull
like it didn't even matter.
like nothing in this universe
could ever possibly matter.
You actually found something?
Does that mean
you know what happened?
Is that how you're still alive?
Yes.
No. No. no. no.
This isn't right.
I'm forgetting something
important.
We shouldn't be talking
about this.
You have no idea what's waiting
for us down here.
You don't know.
and it's better that way.
Forget about the light.
It won't help you.
And you can't help us.
Some things are too dangerous
to remember. - I...
Hold on.
I think I have a concussion
or something.
If it's not CO2 buildup.
my head's not right.
I just want to know
what happened.
And you're still alive.
so I don't know
if there's a backup system.
but just give me something.
Hey. can you still hear me?
Please.
I don't know
if you're just my imagination.
what's real anymore.
I've been losing track of time
and...
I've been seeing some things.
Look.
I-I just really need you
to be real right now. okay?
I just want to live.
Is that so wrong?
Why doesn't anybody else
want that?
Everyone on Eden's
just given up.
You know. no one on Eden
wants to think this way.
but what's more likely--
that every planet and star
disappeared
or that a few space
stations disappeared?
Isn't it easier to believe
that they're still there.
wondering where all of us went?
Isn't that more likely?
If it happened...
Why can't it happen again?
I guess it doesn't matter.
Wow.
Just...
Just if...
Oh!
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't-- It doesn't matter.
There's no backup system.
is there?
This piece of shit--
They wouldn't put
a CO2 scrubber in this.
They wouldn't put a backup tank.
There's no deposits down here.
This is the end.
And I'm wasting my breath.
talking to a phantom...
that was never there
to begin with.
Would did you give everything
just to survive?
Yeah.
I never had anything
to begin with.
116. 520.
We will see the answer
together.
and you will live.
and we will be free.
Deal.
Okay.
116. 520.
If that's where you are.
then they knew you were here.
Maybe they were hoping
that I would find you.
They were still looking
for us?
Maybe. yeah.
Okay. I'm on the way.
I'm. uh--
I'm about. um. 380. 614.
Not far. I think.
It's there.
We wouldn't lie.
Not about this.
It's everything.
So what is it?
What could possibly be
that important down here?
Do you believe in God?
Uh. let's not get into that.
I hear enough
of that kind of talk on Eden.
An ignorant God
sees a sliver of our universe
through a pinhole
and thinks it understands
all that is
and all that will be.
- And it will.
- And why is that?
Because a God makes sense
of what it sees.
despite what it should be.
What does that even mean?
The light-- it illuminates.
and it blinds.
It thinks.
and therefore we are.
Even if your miracle could
solve all their problems...
they would just
send me down again.
Why wouldn't they want
to save you?
Knowledge and skill
fade every year.
Same as the stars.
They blame me
for what happened.
I was the only one trying
to stop it.
Blame you? For what?
Filament Station.
They blame me.
What happened
to Filament Station?
Yeah. I. um...
Yeah. I really don't want
to talk about it.
What happened
to Filament Station?
It's gone.
How do you not know?
Filament Station is gone?!
Yes.
It's gone.
Just like everything else
since the Quiet Rapture.
So what does it fucking matter?
What do you care?
Why does anyone care?
Maybe you do deserve this.
You think this is fair?
I didn't blow up
Filament Station.
but the ones who did
aren't getting punished.
Just me!
I didn't get a choice!
I just drew the short straw.
and then I traded one fancy
metal box to die in for another
while people that I thought were
my brothers abandoned me!
They abandoned me.
just like they abandoned you.
What does it even matter
if we meet up?
Probably not there.
I can't get to the surface.
and neither can you.
so what's the fucking point?!
What's the point?
I just want to go home.
There it is.
It's so beautiful.
How could we have
forgotten this?
A tiny glimpse
of answers greater
than our infinite.
It burst our mind like a tick.
Oh. what we would give
to see it again.
What is that?
Where are you?
There's nothing
to be afraid of.
Not anymore.
This wasn't meant for us.
I think I'm in the wrong place.
We will see. Simon.
We will see
the answer together.
They're calling to us.
This is our salvation.
Our promise.
What are you waiting for?
The answer is right there.
I didn't tell you my name.
Yes. you did.
Simon!
Open your eyes!
We will see.
We will know.
Give us the answers.
Let us see!
We hear them!
Our salvation!
Our--
I see you.
Agreed.
We are all...
We are one.
In the blood.
Simon...
open your eyes.
Look.
Simon...
Simon.
Butcher.
Hello?
- Hello?
- What?!
Is that really you?
Stop fucking with me!
Who is this?!
I don't know what to s--
No.
No. I'm done. I'm done.
I'm done being fucked with!
The radio's broken! I broke it!
You can't tell me
that you're you!
I don't even know
how you survived. How-wha--?
Hello?
Wh-What did I do
when I was in the hangar?
- What?
- No. no.
How many people were
in the hangar?!
I don't understand. Sorry.
Tell me how many people!
- Give me a number!
- Three. Three. Three.
Uh. and-- you-- you--
you took a picture.
Yeah? You blasted us
with radiation.
No. no!
- You're lying!
- No. I'm not.
You can't be talking to me!
I know you're...
What?
That's not possible.
What's wrong?
That...
Convict. what's wrong?
What's my name?
This isn't helping.
Oh. come on!
Just tell me my name!
Say my name!
I don't think
we ever got your name.
You don't even know my...
You sent me down here to die.
and you don't even know my name?
We didn't send you to--
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Look. uh. it's--
it's been days
since your last contact.
You should have
run out of oxygen by now.
- How are you still alive?
- I. uh...
I'm not sure.
It says I have one light left.
I really don't know.
I-I-I don't know.
I thought I died.
I might have died.
I-I don't know.
I don't even know where I am.
I...
I. um...
Uh. I. uh...
I think I've done enough and...
I would really...
I would really like
to not be down here anymore.
Please.
I know.
I don't think that's possible.
I had nothing
to do with Filament Station.
I swear!
That wasn't part of the plan.
They didn't listen to me.
I'm really sorry.
It's not a matter of want
right now. -
We can't risk any more dives.
But what about the mission?!
What about everything
I learned?!
What about the sample?!
The reason I came down here
in the first place?!
You need that. right?
Yeah. Um...
It's not worth the risk.
A bone fragment isn't gonna
tell us anything
that we haven't already seen
with our own eyes.
This isn't about your past.
It's not punishment.
And I know it's not fair.
But our new orders are to hold
and observe.
So after everything
I've been through.
you're just gonna leave me
down here?
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Has anyone ever made it up?
Yes.
Did you know their names?
You know.
I remember what you said
when you said I was
the first one down here.
I was thinking about it
when I was looking at
the wreck of the other ship
you left down here.
The. um. the SM-8.
I almost didn't notice
the name on account
of the big fucking hole
in the side of it.
- I was--
- SM-8?
- Did he just say--
- I-I-I-I'm not sure.
Did you say SM-8?
How do you know about
that ship?
It had letters on it.
I can read.
You found the SM-8?
Yeah.
Yeah. I did.
And not only that.
when I found it. the computer.
it connected to it. but it was
downloading something.
- Something about...
- Insufficient privileges. leave the area immediately
Uh. something about
a black box! - or surrender yourself
to council authority.
An archive. Right?
I'm right. aren't I?
Well. if you want it. you
gotta come down here and get it.
That's the deal.
That's fair. That's fair.
I went through hell.
but I came back with something
a lot better than
a piece of bone.
But if you want it.
you have to get me out.
That's fair.
Th-There's no way that your
computer downloaded anything.
You don't have
the right credentials.
That computer
shouldn't even be active
without us giving you
the login.
No. no. no.
I'm not lying. There was a note.
Someone told me
to splice the wires.
and I know big secret's out.
I'm not the first one down here.
but this is what you need!
Isn't this what you wanted?!
Come on. I'm not lying.
I saw it. I fell in a cave.
and I went down
and I navigated through it
and I found this ship
that was still powered.
The computer connected to it.
It was trying to download.
I'm telling the truth!
How far are you from it
right now?
- I mean. not far. I think.
- Okay.
If I give you the right
credentials for the computer
and you did actually find
the SM-8. then
you should be able to download
all of their data. right?
Okay. We put power redundancies
into the black boxes
for just that reason in case--
Well. you know.
Yeah. But-- But tell me.
If I do this. you get me out.
If you do this.
I'll get you myself.
Believe it or not.
we've salvaged these before.
- And if we're fast--
- Wait. wait. If we're fast?
What are you talking about?
This is not happening.
We have orders.
You have orders.
This is my ship.
and it's my call.
- Get 14 prepped.
- Captain.
Convict. the SM-8 wasn't
just another sub.
We put equipment on it
that we can't make anymore.
Things that we'll never make
again.
Ava. Look at me!
He is lying!
He will say anything!
- Are you out of your mind?
- Are you?
If he's right and we
do nothing--
No. David.
this is bigger than us.
Oh. my God. enough with
the slogan!
It is not worth it!
He is not worth it!
It is not worth losing you
over some fucking criminal!
It is worth anything!
And you're lucky
I'm not sending
you down there instead.
Convict. you said
you mapped it.
- Do you have the coordinates?
- Okay.
When the line broke.
I landed off the map
in some kind of fucked-up cave.
I don't know. but the ship was
the last thing I found.
About 725. maybe 500.
It was right next to
the only way out I could find.
And that was-- It spat
me out around 380. 615.
Alright. here's the plan.
We'll get prepped on our end.
And if you can make it to
the SM-8 and back out.
we can meet you outside
the entrance in 30 minutes.
But I'm serious.
You have got to be there
in 30 minutes or I'm gone.
- Understood?
- Yeah. I understand.
Um. so how do I get the files?
Go to the computer.
Press Ctrl. Alt. Shift. 9.
You should see a window pop up.
Username-- admin.
Password all caps: 7X11F26A311.
Um. Ctrl. Alt. Shift what?
- Nine.
- Confirmed.
- Enter your passcode.
- Username-- admin.
Password all caps: 7X11F26A311.
- Tell me when you have it.
- Confirmed. Switching mode.
- Welcome. Admin Ava.
- I'm in.
Okay. 30 minutes. in and out.
If you miss the window.
you miss your chance.
But if we could pull this off.
there's hope for the COI.
for Eden. for everyone.
Nothing else
matters compared to this.
But if you're not there.
you're not going home.
- 30 minutes.
- Okay.
I can do that. 30 minutes.
I can do that. It's easy.
I just go in and out and then
all of humanity's saved.
And then I'm free.
And then you're free.
Deal.
By the way...
What?
My name is Ava.
Simon.
Let's get this done. Simon.
David. pull Jack out of
medical.
- What?
- Tell him I need one last weld.
- Ava! Jack can't even stand!
- Then hold him up!
Just-- Just tell him!
Yes. ma'am.
Eyes up. convict.
I've been assigned
to carry out your penance.
- I promise...
- I'll be honest.
Any other captain would
have had you killed on sight.
So you should consider
yourself lucky.
- Everything is gone...
- She was looking for me.
Well. you are lucky.
62 others didn't make it
out of Filament Station.
And no. that doesn't
include your compatriots.
Leave him.
We're all dead anyway.
I didn't want them to die.
Excuse me?
What the fuck did you just say?
When did you grow a conscience.
Simon?
We are but flesh.
You got the highest body count
out here. killer.
Not one of us has more blood
on their hands than you.
- But that flesh has purpose yet.
- Please. I--
Simon the Butcher
lost his nerve.
You're gonna have to kill
your own brothers to stop this.
You're not my brother.
Your words. not mine. Butcher.
- I wasn't even there.
- Everything bad is happening.
I'm just the guy that told you
to cross the wires.
The Consolidation
can wallow in their secrets.
We must bear these burdens.
these hardships.
this anger. this sorrow.
- Fire!
- Evacuate. Evacuate.
- We must bear it.
- We have a dream.
- We are the keepers of Eden.
- It'll feel just like home.
We must help them.
- Simon. don't be like that.
- I don't have it.
You'll love it there.
Council authority
confiscates them.
They're hoping to start
a garden of their own someday.
Our duty is not done.
The last tree is dead.
- What?
- The last tree will live again.
It's Eden's grave.
When the last Son of Eden
joins the grove.
there will be a thousand trees.
You may think
that there's no soil.
- but we know.
- We will die.
- We know that when we die...
- When we die...
Our bodies
will become the soil.
Simon. how about we just stay
focused on the mission?
Now. once you're down there.
you're going to be on your own.
- It's a trap.
- You'll have to navigate
- the ocean floor carefully.
- It's right behind you.
The map is current.
Things might change
and look different
- once you're down there.
- It's still there.
Take as many pictures
as possible.
both for navigation
and for us to...
On your left.
They're watching you.
Okay.
Now what?
Connecting.
Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait.
Oxygen. fuel. pressure. all...
Initiating black box
recovery program.
Okay.
That looks good.
Downloading. Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
Complete. All files confirmed.
That looks good.
Is that it?
I think that's it.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Almost there.
Hello?
I don't know.
What am I supposed to say?
I'm losing track of things.
I...
I might have recorded this
already.
I--
It doesn't matter anymore.
The pressure alarm finally
shut up.
For whatever good that does...
We told you to stop...
Stay on your side!
We told you to stop
fucking drinking it.
We know!
I know. It's just...
- It's not good for you.
- Don't fucking say it!
Don't fucking say it.
You were right.
This ocean is different
from the rest.
But we shouldn't be here.
Yes. we can synthesize food
from it.
but... I don't think we should.
It shouldn't be possible.
but... it's human.
The blood-- It's us.
We don't know what that means.
We think--
I think it was the anomaly.
It's at 116. 520.
We only saw it with the samples
we took from near... the light.
A fragment of what caused
the Quiet Rapture.
This could actually be
an answer.
But without the ability to
study further. we can only--
He went in.
How did we forget?
It... It was everything we saw.
We saw the answer.
- Ava.
- You have to find us.
We need to see it.
It was meant for us.
Please!
The answer is right there!
It was meant for us!
We need to see it!
We need to see.
What the fuck?
We need to...
What is that?
If you're gonna kill me.
just fucking kill me.
- Ava.
- Simon!
- I'm here.
You got to get me out of here.
- Did you-- Did you get it?
- I think I'm sick or something.
Simon. shut up
and listen to me!
I don't know what's happening
to me.
I need you to get
something from the crawlspace.
Trust me on this.
There's something down there
that you need to keep safe.
Okay? No matter what. you need
to get it out of there safely.
Do you understand?
You can't be serious.
Ava. I just went through hell
to get this.
- What did you do. Simon?
- Simon. I know what I said!
- It doesn't matter anymore!
- You had to drag her down
- to hell with you.
- ...to finish the plan.
You are the only one that can!
- Everything is...
- She can't hear us.
- And she can't save you.
- No matter what happens.
that data needs to survive
if any of this is gonna...
She's going to copy
what you stole from our ship
- and leave you to die.
- Do you understand me?
Better than you deserve.
Butcher.
Simon?
But you can still redeem
yourself.
- Simon.
- Destroy the data.
- Do you have it?
- Tell her the SM-8 is lost.
Please tell me you have it.
None can be allowed
to see the light again.
Simon. you have to go now!
What are you waiting for?!
We had a deal.
Not everyone gets to be saved!
- Do the right thing.
- What are you talking about?
You said you'd get me
out of here.
- That was the deal!
- Simon. please!
Simon. please listen to me!
It's worth it.
You deserve... your freedom.
And I'm sorry
that I can't give that to you.
But it's worth it.
It is more than me.
It's more than you.
- It's bigger than...
- Ava.
- We're sorry.
- Please!
The black box!
It's in the crawl--
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Painless.
Why do we have to do this?
Why only you?
Why you. Simon?
Why you?!
Her blood is on your hands.
How many more bodies would you
climb over to save yourself?
Always thinking of the life
you'll never get back.
Thinking of a mother
who wouldn't even recognize
the killer she spawned.
Or maybe she'd be proud.
Is death the only thing
she taught you?
Half measured. half committed.
Never enough!
There is nothing else for us
now.
Nothing else.
What do you know?
You're just a piece of shit that
doesn't even know it's dead.
What do you know?!
We know more than enough!
Butcher! The light
must be forgotten!
This madness ends with you!
You think we're just gonna give
you what you want?
Fuck that and fuck you!
You want to eat me?!
Come and try!
Simon.
Simon!
Oh. fuck me.
Oh. fuck me!
Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
You better be right about this.
Okay.
Fuck!
Fuck.
What?
You have nowhere to run.
We can hear you!
- We will find you!
- Oh. fuck me.
Don't run!
You know this is the only way.
You know it.
Simon!
Please keep this safe.
okay. mom?
It's more than me.
You saw the horror of it.
What did it see in you?
It's more than me.
It saw you. Simon.
And it will never let you go!
It wants you to do this.
Can you not see that?
What did you do?!
You changed everything!
Your ship is alive!
Can't you see this is a mercy?!
Fine! You want the Butcher?
Come on!
Fuck you!
Die!
Pray that you stay dead!
We are salvation!
We are hope.
We can save everyone...
within us!
We are all.
We are one.
We die. We live! We!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm